# Turi Activity Classifier

_This public repository is designed for use in the Skafos ML delivery platform, which is available at metismachine.com. Use of this repo outside of the Skafos platform is not supported by Metis Machine._

The following repo contains code for training an activity classifier model on Skafos using the [Turi Create framework](https://apple.github.io/turicreate/docs/userguide/activity_classifier/).  The example model was trained on the open source HAPT dataset, and given a sequence of motion-sensory readings from an edge device, will classify the most likely activity (sitting, standing, walking, running, etc).
  
## What is here?
-  `activity_classifier.ipynb` - A Python notebook that trains and saves an activity classifier model to use in your app. Start here.
-  `utilities/` - a directory that contains helper functions used by `activity_classifier.ipynb`.
-  `advanced_usage/` - a directory that contains additional information about this activity classification model, how to incorporate your own data, advanced usage, and additional example models.
-  `requirements.txt` - a file describing all required Python dependencies.

## About the model
-  The activity classifier creates a deep learning model capable of detecting temporal features in sensor data, lending itself well to the task of activity classification.
-  The activity classifier is trained on the publicly available [HAPT data set](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Smartphone-Based+Recognition+of+Human+Activities+and+Postural+Transitions).
-  Once trained, you can give the model a sequence of motion-sensory readings generated by a handheld device, and it will classify the current activity.

## Need Help?
Please contact us with questions or feedback! Here are two ways:


-  [**Signup for our Slack Channel**](https://metismachine-skafos.slack.com/join/shared_invite/enQtNTAxMzEwOTk2NzA5LThjMmMyY2JkNTkwNDQ1YjgyYjFiY2MyMjRkMzYyM2E4MjUxNTJmYmQyODVhZWM2MjQwMjE5ZGM1Y2YwN2M5ODI)
-  [**Find us on Reddit**](https://reddit.com/r/skafos) 

Also checkout Turi Create's [**documentation**](https://apple.github.io/turicreate/docs/userguide/activity_classifier/) on activity classification basics.